Migration notes for HttpException::setHeaders() (#6845)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/4-2-migration-guide.rst

  This change makes method names dissimilar between ``ORM\Table`` as the return
  value of these methods is different.

Core
----

> - ``Exception::responseHeader()`` is now deprecated. Users must use `HttpException::setHeaders()``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``Exception::responseHeader()`` is now deprecated. Users must use ``HttpException::setHeaders()``
```

>   when setting HTTP response headers. User exceptions that set response headers should convert to
>   ``HttpException``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  when setting HTTP response headers. Application and plugin exceptions that set response headers 
  should be updated to subclass ``HttpException``.
```
